From: Spine
To: Moderators
Date: 2021-06-19
Subject: Orpheus Development Papers #5 - Invite Sources
Version: 1

This feature helps you keep track of how people were invited via interviews
and recruitments from other trackers. Most people who buy invites from the
Bonus Shop for personal friends are not concerned by this. But for people
who interview or recruit, it is helpful for them to be able to keep the
source origins distinguished, as it is for staff.

1. Configure admin permissions for the appropriate user classes.  Grant
admin_manage_invite_source to moderators and above. This will allow these
people to configure invite sources. It can also be done on a per-user basis
via custom permissions.

Run the seeder: `phinx seed:run -s InviteSource`

/tools.php?action=permission

2. Add the invite sources: mnemonic names of trackers that everyone
understands. Consider adding an Interview source as well if you do
interviews, for interviewers and personal invites. These are stored in the
invite_source table.

/tools.php?action=invite_source_config

Once added, and referred to (by a member who has been granted its use, a
member who has been sourced from it), a source may no longer be removed.
You will need to tidy up the database directly.

3. Grant sources to members. Search for users who have the R or IN
secondary classes. On their profile page, a new "Invite Sources" section
will appear. Check the sources that are appropriate for this user. These
grants are stored in the inviter_has_invite_source table.

/tools.php?action=invite_source

4. Inform the members. When they invite people, they will see an additional
select box showing the options that have been configured for them. They can
then set the source when the invitation is issued.  The source is tied to
the invite key via the invite_source_pending table, so that when the
invitee creates their account, the source is attached to their profile (in
the user_has_invite_source table).

They can also go the list of their invitees and backfill the existing
invitees.

/user.php?action=invite&edit=source

5. On the profile page, the Invite: information will now say "by <user>
from <source>".

6. If a source is removed from a recruiter, all their invitees that were
tagged as coming from that source will remain.
